.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1_issue_template.md, before:

Thank you for taking the time to file an issue!

This tracker is for issues related to:

* Analyzer
* Common Front End (CFE) and kernel
* Dart core libraries ("dart:async", "dart:io", etc.)
* Dart VM
* dart2js
* dev_compiler

Some other pieces of the Dart ecosystem are maintained elsewhere. Please
file issues in their repository:

* Dart language: https://github.com/dart-lang/language
* Dart website: https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www
* Flutter: https://github.com/flutter/flutter
* Linter: https://github.com/dart-lang/linter
* dart format: https://github.com/dart-lang/dart_style

If you aren't sure, file the issue here and we'll find the right home for it.
In your issue, please include:

* Dart SDK Version (`dart --version`)
* Whether you are using Windows, MacOSX, or Linux (if applicable)
* Whether you are using Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Edge (if applicable)

Missing some or all of the above might make the issue take longer or be
impossible to act on.

If you simply have a question, consider starting with Stack Overflow:

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/dart

For a real-time response, consider our Gitter channel:

https://gitter.im/dart-lang/sdk

Commit message:

Add YAML metadata to the general issue template
The template to create a general issue was not visible because it had missing metadata.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1_issue_template.md, after:

---
name: General issue
about: Report a bug or suggest a feature
title: 'Create an issue'
---
Thank you for taking the time to file an issue!

This tracker is for issues related to:

* Analyzer
* Common Front End (CFE) and kernel
* Dart core libraries ("dart:async", "dart:io", etc.)
* Dart VM
* dart2js
* dev_compiler

Some other pieces of the Dart ecosystem are maintained elsewhere. Please
file issues in their repository:

* Dart language: https://github.com/dart-lang/language
* Dart website: https://github.com/dart-lang/site-www
* Flutter: https://github.com/flutter/flutter
* Linter: https://github.com/dart-lang/linter
* dart format: https://github.com/dart-lang/dart_style

If you aren't sure, file the issue here and we'll find the right home for it.
In your issue, please include:

* Dart SDK Version (`dart --version`)
* Whether you are using Windows, MacOSX, or Linux (if applicable)
* Whether you are using Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Edge (if applicable)

Missing some or all of the above might make the issue take longer or be
impossible to act on.

If you simply have a question, consider starting with Stack Overflow:

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/dart

For a real-time response, consider our Gitter channel:

https://gitter.im/dart-lang/sdk
